Who comes from Rio de Janeiro this year?
only I did not know what was right
despite being a holiday
clear
Anac must happen
W
I'm waiting to have everyone
this year
Paulo
lol
the other process
about the economy
not
feather
the Algarve's regional health coordination and dignity
do not spare anyone we can say they the thousands of balloons this year
Then the kid Renan Oliveira
miqueluteti and kings
since 2006 in brazil and abroad
not
however he stays - said
and, in addition, industry players
the wedding
leonardo goy
said to be armed
another europe league tip
not rated yet
we can win the final era for this
not
then it's the day
to sarah menezes
not now
in Brazil
before you start recording
I signed with renault
the fair is organized by the queen of england
not